I don't know wow I haven't seen any fox
but I couldn't get the words out for add
your story playing and she's not missing
a beat and she just feels really
confident his chic yeah I guess two
characters though he should like his she
definitely is up to par with her with
his fox i can has multiple characters
too and cedeno's if he goes she can't go
go fox and while DJ won that match
nothing they played I'm sure he doesn't
necessarily want it again Wow DJ's in
the cloud which is very smart very smart
oook away in Gallup Angelina catching
another tip of airiness is the first
kill of thirty-seven percent once again
head finding ways to get around that
aggressive edge carding now keep doing
it you're gonna find ways around it oh
that time okay so I've said drawn even
now there's needles just so much percent
yeah well as i said before percent yeah
and he's not about those platforms he's
down on the ground DJ Mars priority lies
in front of them and slightly above him
so whenever our character is below Marge
it's not good he can't really have a lot
of priority at his feet so that's why I
DJ was trying to take it back on the
ground on the platform yeah that's what
he needs to be and he can't get there
he's off he's in trouble try think over
the Don I know just greedy should have
challenged oh my god that was crazy I
don't know how that ever even hit
there it is simple combo sound tell FF
tied up again yeah DJ get on the ground
if you count what to put him right back
up yeah that's what he's doing he's
doing it effectively it's gonna wait on
the match oh it's a bad spot always in
it Oh what's up so I Stockley come on DJ
you can do it and he is he's definitely
going out of you so describe a
percentage off guess it's betray Ken's
gonna Tek he can get rid of Ken's soon
it'll be a tight match and that's what
happening on match tales of low
percentages oh I got all those heroics I
missed that mayhem put all that was some
nice stuff yeah worth it oh it's gonna
be really close these you just can't get
back into control with the cloud there's
a crap off guess is the tech got more
percentage o or combo now that centers
are closed and the cloud but bad news
for Ken
okay that's guarded contingent EJ's in
control Penza contract he signed up to
die Oh used to guys feet on the ground
oh yeah oh my god and is that gonna be
it over the cops five comes a cloud
clock could change it oh my god I can't
gets taken out by his terrible it was so
close so close TJ stands up yeah how'd
it go match good but good jobs about